https://ladsweb.modaps.eosdis.nasa.gov/missions-and-measurements/science-domain/cloud/

The MODIS Cloud Properties products combine infrared and visible data
observations to determine both physical and radiative cloud
properties. This suite offers daily global Level-2 data
products. Cloud-particle phase (ice vs. water, clouds vs. snow),
effective cloud-particle radius, and cloud optical thickness are
derived using the MODIS visible and near-infrared channel
radiances. An indication of cloud shadows affecting the scene is also
provided. Cloud-top temperature, height, effective emissivity, phase
(ice vs. water, opaque vs. non-opaque), and cloud fraction are
produced by the infrared retrieval methods for both day and night at
5x5 1-km-pixel resolution. Finally, this MODIS product includes cirrus
reflectance at visible wavelength at 1-km-pixel resolution, which is
useful for removing cirrus scattering effects from the land-surface
reflectance product. This suite contains two MODIS Cloud products:
MOD06_L2, containing data collected from the Terra platform, and
MYD06_L2, containing data collected from the Aqua platform.

Another set of daily (MCD06COSP_D3_MODIS) and monthly
(MCD06COSP_M3_MODIS) products is the Level-3 Cloud Feedback Model
Intercomparison Project (CFMIP) Observation Simulator Package, which
is a combined Aqua and Terra MODIS product that is designed to
facilitate climate scientists to compare models and observations by
producing synthetic MODIS observations from climate model
integrations.

Product Information
Cloud Optical Properties: Steve Platnick
Cloud Top Properties: Steve Ackerman
Cloud Properties: Robert Pincus
Validation 
Cloud Product Home Page 
Documentation, Guides, ATBD 
Data Issues & Quality Statements 
Digital Object Identifier (DOI) Reference 
Product Details
Product Name	Terra	Aqua
Clouds 5-Min L2 Swath 1km and 5km		
Product Name Combined Aqua+Terra
Cloud Properties Level 3 daily, 1x1 degree grid	
Cloud Properties Level 3 monthly, 1x1 degree grid	
